Many people feel that it takes blind faith to believe in God.
They say that they only believe in what they can see.
And often what they see is human suffering.
God, they cannot see.
If God is real, they ask,
why do bad things happen to good people?
Does believing in God make a person gullible or naive?
At Hebrews 111, the Bible says,
faith is the evident demonstration of realities that are not seen.
The evident demonstration of God's existence is all around us,
some of it we can see and some of it we can't.
For example, our son emits ultraviolet rays.
How are we protected from their harmful effects?
Our earth has a protective shield.
The idea of ozone gas that filters out most of the harmful radiation.
If the radiation increases, so does the protective ozone.
It's reasonable to ask,
is there an intelligence behind the earth's processes
and the things we observe in nature?
And Hebrews 3 and verse 4, the Bible says,
every house is constructed by someone.
But the one who constructed all things is God.
Whether is design, there is a designer.
That makes sense.
Wouldn't that same logic apply to our complex earth?
Even if you can accept the possibility of a creator,
you might wonder,
how do we explain suffering?
If you see a house in ruins,
would you conclude that it had no builder?
Or could there be a more plausible explanation?
Why deny God's existence because of suffering?
Instead, let your questions lead to further investigation.
To learn more about what the Bible says on this
and many other topics, go to jw.org.